# Project Title

## Summary

Provide a brief description of the project - 150 words.
Diatom vertical migration is a worldwide phenomenon that affects tracking of diatom blooms from satellites. Understanding when the diatoms emerge from the sediment during the tidal cycle will improve tracking of diatom blooms. 
Temperature could affect the rate of photosynthesis and degradation of diatoms. In different light conditions, there might be less vertical migration occurring.
Sediment from the Bay of Fundy was incubated at 15°C, 20°C, and 23°C under medium, dim, and full light conditions and analyzed in several different ways. 
To determine if temperature and light influenced vertical migration, lens paper was added onto the surface of the sediment of all conditions and removed after a 6.5-hour period. The lens paper then underwent chlorophyll extraction and analysis. 


## Highly Qualified Personnel

- Name, Institution, email, ORCID 0000-0000-0000-0000

## Principle Investigators

- Douglas A. Campbell, Mount Allison University, dcampbel@mta.ca, ORCID 0000-0001-8996-5463

## Primary Contact  

- Douglas A. Campbell, Mount Allison University, dcampbel@mta.ca, ORCID 0000-0001-8996-5463

## Data sources

- Provide links to any data used from external providers .

## Funding sources

- No funding sources in this project.

## Keywords

Diatoms, vertical migration, Bay of Fundy, Tides

## Additional information and support

- Sensitive Data Flag - Human Participants:  NO
- Sensitive Data Flag - Indigenous Partnerships: YES or NO
- Sensitive Data Flag - Government Partnerships: YES or NO
- Sensitive Data Flag - Industry Partnerships: YES or NO
- Access Restrictions

## Software  

The software (and version) used to create the dataset.  

## Repo content information

Use the space below to summarize the structure of the repository with a decription of each folder, as applicable.

### MetaDataCatalog
URL for MetaDataCatalog, or MetaDataCatalog filename
example:
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1rlj03Q_wq83qlyiY7mXq8BK6C-L0Ko799JsyhfA1TGI/edit#gid=0
Use standard variable names for MetaDataCatalog

### Data Dictionary
URL for Data Dictionary, or Data Dictionary filename
example:
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1KzHZETwASnt4XW69HYufHwlWaE_E-yHkLDqetiOYqBg/edit#gid=671854404

### Data/RawData

Raw data files in various formats. Original files generated by analytical equipment, received from a data provider or outside contractor, etc.
Subfolders contain files from a single instrument.
Do not create swarms of superfluous sub-folders.

### Data/CleanData

Clean data in formats for long-term storage. Modified data with the appropriate column/row headers and data structure.

### Data/ProcessedData

Processed data in formats for long-term storage.

### Code

Scripts for processing raw data into cleaned data, outside derived code, and user derived code.
A folder OldR is used to store outdated code.
Typically organize .Rmd in modules; Import; Tidy; Process saving .Rds out of each step.

### Docs

Project notes, other documentation, etc.

### Output

Output from knit .Rmd, Figures and tables produced from analysis.
Do not generate swarms of superfluous data exploration figures.
